One eerie night in Gotham City, a thick black haze fumes rose into the dark sky from large smokestacks as the active factories of ToxinCorp Industries, a very shady chemical company, churned out one toxic chemical batch after another. 
Canisters of green ooze rolled off the assembly line, making their way into trucks as they headed out. 
In a factory on the east side of the grounds, a mixer churned as green chemicals poured from a vat, either making puddles or filling up more canisters. 
Steam rose from the vats as more chemicals were produced by the hour. Everywhere, workers in hazmat suits and masks walked about, taking notes and making sure the machines were running efficiently as expected. 
However, there was more to this shady corporation than it met the eye, especially in regards to its founder. 
From across the parking lots, overlooking the factories from within the main business office, the manager sat within his chair, crossing his fingers and smirking in a sinister manner.

People called him "the boss", some called him either "Jack" or "Arthur". 
But everyone knew him by his true name, he was one of the most feared rogues to have ever terrorized Gotham time and time again, the mastermind behind many crimes that had plagued the city that served as one of the top attractions of New York. 
He was... The Joker.
For years, despite being imprisoned in Arkham Asylum, The Joker had maintained a strong grip on power, having consolidated enough money to form ToxinCorp. 
ToxinCorp, one of Gotham's well-known corporations next to Wayne Enterprises. 
It was near unthinkable, especially in regards to its business with toxins. 
And yet, Gotham received most of its chemicals from this corporation. 
And that meant they were getting it from The Joker. 
Joker smirked evilly, savoring the view. Nobody could remove him from his position, not even Batman could, even after all of those battles they had together. 
Oh, but they would be fighting again very soon. Joker was sure of that.

Across the street, a worker was getting off the phone, having contacted one of the power stations that ensured the factory got its power. 
But just as he was about to head inside one of the factories, the worker froze, noticing an eerie shadow on the wall. 
He heard a growl, a chill shooting up his spine, someone was behind him. He turned around, finding himself face-to-face with a horror unlike any other, an alien with monstrous teeth, sinister white eyes and green goo-colored skin with dark spots that resembled bruises. 
Tendrils rose from its back and the creature lunged as the worker screamed.
The scream echoed into the night, accompanying the sound of flesh being torn, and green goo splattered upon the wall.

In his office, The Joker checked his watch and looked at the clock on the wall. 
Then he looked at a photo of Batman, smirking maliciously at the Dark Knight, imagining their next encounter in his head, unaware of the events that were at play.
He then remembered many of the other rogues he'd partnered with in the past, recalling his partnerships with The Penguin, The Riddler and Clayface. Oswald was one funny fellow, just like him, and he could never get enough of Nygma's riddles, especially when they were directed at Batman.
Oh, but how he could never forget the villains he couldn't stand. 
The Red Skull, Johann Schmitt, there was no way he was going to team up with Nazis.

Nazis, the most heinous criminals to have ever lived. 
The Joker may have been a villain, but he was an American and America opposed Nazism. 
Then he started to wonder, who could be possibly just as whacked as the Red Skull?

Suddenly, lights began to flicker and an alarm wailed, one of the smokestacks outside stopped spewing out smoke and lights shut down across the foundry, the entire facility descended into darkness. 
The Joker frowned, what in blazes was going on here?
If it was the work of Batman, then so help him...
Joker stood, looking out the window and wondering what was afoot. 
Then, the intercom buzzed as lights flickered again. 
The criminal mastermind pressed the red button on the desk, answering the call.

"Boss, we got a disturbance in Sector 3." 
A worker reported, "The boys just reported that a weird-looking red alien was seen at the power station and now he's on the roof."
"Go into lockdown." Joker ordered, "I will handle the matter."
"We also just lost several of our employees, one looks like he was ripped to shreds..."
"I said I will handle it."
Deactivating the intercom, The Joker left the office and took the elevator, making his way up to the rooftops. 
In Sector 15, a pair of guards stood by one of the smokestacks, holding polished machine guns and wearing Joker masks, standing prepared in the event of intruders.
They heard the alarms; they were prepared and would not let this place be shut down.
The guards stood still, not even looking at one another, and the two of them were silent.
Trust no one, don't interact with anyone, especially when you were dealing with an enemy.

On his way up to the rooftops, Joker rolled up his sleeve and pressed the button on his watch-looking communicator device, making contact with one of his accomplices. Without a minute to lose, he got the message out; "Intruder at ToxinCorp, may be dangerous to deal with alone, requiring back up."

In Sector 15, the guards stood ready, listening to the alarms and the steam as it gushed around them. However, the silence didn't last long. Something growled in the darkness, the guards turned, prepared for the impending attack.

The growling got louder, footsteps came closer, fingers tapped the trigger nervously.

Closer, closer, closer, a looming shadow.

And slowly, the guards turned. The intruder stood over them at its full height, staring down upon them with menace in its eyes. The guards raised their guns, ready to pull the trigger, and the beast attacked.

The first guard went down, his head rolling. His accomplice pulled the trigger, firing off a stream of bullets at the beast before him.

Growling in a vicious manner, the alien psychopath let the bullets come, even as they did him no harm. The creature stepped forward, a scythe forming in its hands. The guard whimpered and dropped the gun, screaming with horror as the blade came up...

The body fell.

green goo splattered upon the side of the smokestack.

He was silent, forever...

Rest in shreds.

Joker arrived on the rooftops and drew his pistol, holding it steadily. He looked around, surveying the darkness as he sought out the intruder. Where was he?

One thing was clear, it wasn't Batman.

Whatever was going on, with Joker's employees being taken down, it wasn't Batman's style. It was someone else entirely, Joker knew it was. Whomever it was, it couldn't possibly be the Red Hood or Deadshot or Deathstroke.

No, none of them.

And while he was one of the most feared criminals in the world, to say The Joker never felt fear was an understatement. He walked around the roof, keeping alert, chills crawled up his spine and his fingers trembled.

The Joker fought to maintain his composure, he would not freak out, he would maintain control over the chaos.

Yet, he could feel a sense of ominous dread in the air. Something was watching him, preparing to strike. Joker turned, thinking he saw someone, nobody there. He raised his gun, making sure the bullets were equipped.

The night air felt ominously cold, Joker felt more shivers than ever before.

'Follow the shiver rolling down your spine.' A voice said.

He kept his composure, frowning with determination, then his teeth trembled.

No, keep it together.

Someone was coming.

Closer, closer and closer. The Joker gripped his gun, looking around, peering into the darkness as more lights flickered. He felt a chill, seeing an eerie shadow combine with his.

Something growled, something out for green goo. Joker froze, his heart pounding. And slowly, he turned around, finding himself looking into the visage of a horrible creature.

green goo-red skin, sinister inhuman eyes, sharp tendrils protruding from its back, mouth lined with sharp teeth. The beast outstretched its arms, revealing hideous and terrifying talons that could rip anyone to shreds.

Joker was mortified, he'd never seen that thing before, and yet, he'd heard of symbiotes. This thing had to be a symbiote bonded with someone. It couldn't be...

'Shit!' Joker thought, finally recognizing the creature from the stories he'd heard of the symbiote known as Carnage, 'I thought Red Skull was insane. And there is no way I am going to bond with that ugly bastard..."

"Ah, Joker!" Carnage growled, "My human counterpart. How nice to see a fellow sadist like you?"

"What do you want, Carnage?" Joker asked.

"I want chaos and carnage..." Carnage growled, "You know my game. In fact, your company is so delicious, how I anticipate feasting on more of your employees and ruining your business."

"Get off my premise!" Joker yelled.

BLAM-BLAM-BLAM! The criminal mastermind fired, unloading as many bullets as he could. Carnage lunged, determined to rip Joker apart. The Joker ducked, avoiding the unhinged symbiote psychopath by inches.

He turned to face Carnage and ran at him, Joker threw his fist and punched the symbiote in the face, taking him by near surprise.

Carnage laughed and swiped at Joker, who jumped out of the way before the claws could hit him. The madman fired another bullet, blasting Carnage in the eye, even as the symbiote's healing factor kicked in and the wound healed in seconds.

Laughing maniacally, Carnage reached out and grabbed Joker. The mastermind dropped his gun and Carnage slammed him into the ground, punched him in the face and then kicked him. Joker groaned and tried to stand, but Carnage put a foot down on him and stared at the white-faced being with a cold smirk.

Joker just smirked back and slapped his hand upon Carnage's foot, which usually didn't do anything, but the Joker was employing another weapon up his sleeve.

In the seconds after the hand touched the foot, volts of electricity shot up Carnage's body and caught the symbiote by surprise. Joker had employed the hand-buzzer, very useful.

He got back up and punched Carnage again, pushing him back. Threw in another punch, but the symbiote retaliated, catching the Joker's fist with a clawed hand.

"Looks like you lose." Carnage growled.

"Not really." Joker smirked.

A hammer flew in, smacking the symbiote in the face hard enough to knock him back. Joker turned, watching as a woman clad in a red-black jester outfit came to his side, holding her mallet. Harley Quinn, Joker's favorite henchwoman, had come to help.

"I'll take it from here, puddin'." Harley quipped.

"Right on time, Harley, perfect!" Joker pat her on the back with a smile.

"Back up?" Carnage snarled, "Just perfect!"

"It looks like you won't be getting a job here, Carnage." Joker called.

He nodded to Harley and the nurse-turned jester leaped at Carnage, swinging her hammer wildly. The symbiote snarled and swiped at Harley, claws flashing and tendrils launching.

Harley leaped out of the way and flipped herself over Carnage's head, she landed behind the symbiote and smacked him in the back, sending him sprawling to the ground.

Joker ran up and kicked Carnage in the face between the eyes, then he kicked him again. Carnage got back up and sent out his tendrils, trying to entangle The Joker, but Harley stepped in quickly and swung her hammer like a golf stick, hitting the symbiote hard.

Carnage flew into the sky, yelling with fury as he vanished behind the smoke, fading away into the dark horizon.

Harley put a hand on her hip and hefted her hammer over her shoulder, turning to The Joker with a mad smile. "Mess all cleaned up, Mr. J." She reported happily, "Looks like we're back in business."

"Thank you, Ms. Quinn." Joker pat Harley on the back, "Take the rest of the night off."

Harley put away her hammer and did a cartwheel as she walked off, humming happily and laughing in a crazy manner. There was no doubt she felt very happy to have done her precious Mr. J a favor, not to mention she had fun sending Carnage flying.

Joker headed back to his office with a smile, ready to settle in for the night.

Another dangerous maniac defeated, his factory back in order and nothing could possibly go wrong, tonight was The Joker's lucky night.

Oh, how they had a lot of work to do tomorrow. For now, it was closing time...