When Peter Parker's son was born he inherited his powers and made a black suit of the same materials. 

Peter Parker's son "Samuel" walked into the kitchen. 
What's for dinner? he asked. 
We ordered pizza, replied Mary Jane. 
Ok, said Samuel.

The door bell rang. 
I'll get it, said Samuel. 
He went to the door and opened it. 
No one was there.

Hello he said. 
Then a orange little ball dropped on the ground and it started to beep. 
He did a backflip and landed on the kitchen bench. 

It blew up and a shadow came through the smoke. 

The shadow came closer and then came in the house and said "PETER PARKER! We meet again." 
It was the Green Goblin. 

Samuel ran upstairs and grabbed his suit. 

He ran down the steps and hit the Green Goblin. 

Oh and who are you?, said the Green Goblin. 

Samuel kicked him twice and punched him. 

Samuel shot two webs at him. "Black spider-man", he said. 

The Green Goblin got back up. 
"Oh, I haven't met you", he said. I am... "

"I know who you are Green Goblin", Samuel interrupted. 

Samuel went to kick him but the Green Goblin blocked it. 

the Green Goblin grabbed onto his leg and swung him around the area. 
But then Samuel grabbed one of his bombs and threw it at him. 

The Green Goblin's glider came flying down from a tower. 

The Green Goblin quickly jumped on his glider and went to the building his glider came from. 

"DAMMIT!", said Samuel. 
He swung up to the building that the Green Goblin flew up to. 

Samuel landed on the building that the Goblin went to. 
It was dark and he could not see. 

Then, his spidey sense tingled. 
The Green Goblin came out of the dark. 

Samuel spun around and hit the Green Goblin. 
The Green Goblin went flying out the window and landed in the police station. 

The green goblin got up
The police ran down the hallway. 

The Green Goblin punched the first cop and threw the pumpkin at the rest. 

Samuel smashed through the window and hit the green goblin. 

The Green Goblin was knocked out. 

Samuel picked up the green goblin, took all his stuff and put him in a cell.
